Earlier this year we updated policy to have 6 months of support for C… (#27050)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/releases-and-support.md

* *Current* releases

>   These versions are supported until 6 months after the next major or minor release ships. Previously (.NET 3.0 and earlier) these releases were supported for 3 months after the next major or minor release shipped.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  These versions are supported until six months after the next major or minor release ships. Previously (.NET Core 3.0 and earlier), these releases were supported for only three months after the next major or minor release shipped.   
```
